1. From the feedback, it seems that everyone understood the purpose of my product.
2. They also seemed to understand the audience that site was intended for.

3. My peers seemed to found my planning and design elements effective (no feedback).
4. For the most part, my peers found my structure and navigation of the site to be effective. 

5. Reviewers often said that they liked the looping of the 'Trending' titles and the overall interactivity of the site.
6. They did not identify any issues in terms of responsiveness.
7. The most common complaint was that the contrast for some of the text was difficult on the eyes.

8. Overall, people rated my overall site as 'good' to 'excellent'.
9. Everybody had clashing opinions on the strongest part of the site, though there was more than one person that said 'functionality'. I think that aspect stood out due to the dynamic review pages, the cycling titles, etc.
10. For the most part, almost everybody suggested to improve the contrast of text or change the background color. The only other suggestion was more content in the 'genres' pages.

11. 
	For my first improvement, I will be fixing the contrast. I had already fixed this previously by making the of the text more vibrant and adding a shadow to the back, but since people are still complaining about this I will be turning the color of the text to be cooler (a light blue), and adding a drop-shadow on top of the shadow to the back of the text. The background color of the site is completely intentional and is meant to grab the user's attention, so I will not be changing it. Some people also suggested adding boxes to the back of the text; while this would work, I find it inelegant and it ruins the aesthetic of the site, which is something I'm trying to preserve. The drop-shadow in the back should add enough to mimic the effects of a box without resorting to it.
	For my second improvement, I will be adding more to the genre pages and will also add more review pages to browse through. I do not have enough time to implement anything more complex unfortunately (thanks to exams D:).